street journal about the situation of
Colombia
I have already for there is an expression of
some senior state officials
that the president saints should
prohibit is the fuck one two three and
to fuck
after commercial
it's the club
because in case of collision with the network of
322 accounts with assistance at 24
safe hours bolívar calm we are
so that you enjoy what you do today
We can proudly say that we live in
a country that stopped walking and accelerated
like never and moves like this thanks to
invisible impulse of natural gas a
impulse that generates confidence the
development for the industry for the
transportation for people natural gas
and invisible that moves the country
over there
relax because in case of accident of the
exterior with universe america when generating
accounts with medical assistance the 24th
safe hours bolívar calm we are
so that you enjoy what you do
I think it's wonderful, I support you
brother what is useful is to apply not only
preach
you do not have to blame the work
or to others you and I have the power to
road intelligence is going to be left without
use it
values ​​bancolombia is here to give you
trust to all customers who
they want to see their investments grow
values ​​bancolombia commission agent of
bag we are putting the soul
buy furniture leaders in manufacturing
and marketing systems
open office furniture and chairs with
Highest quality standards design
enjoy the best advice support
warranty and after-sales service in computer
furniture we always have a solution to
your measure visit us at our points
of sale in the main cities of
country bought furniture original designs
that define the spaces in 472 we do
thousands of daily deliveries we place a
camera in one of our shipments and this
It was what happened to him to deliver to julián
the dream of being a national champion
cycling delivers the best to those who
you want with our express services
472 delivering the best of
Colombians
I am going to transfer my severance payments to the fund
national savings because it is the only
where can I transform my santias
at home and education
if you need a locomotive to help you
to get ahead move your layoffs
right now to the national savings fund
national fund of the building work
society subject to conditions and
restrictions guarding superintendence
financial of colombia
something is happening in the dealers
my guide discovers the power of
surprise you
excess alcohol is harmful to
health tests the sale of beverages
intoxicating minors wait
worth it
colombia negra marte roasted flavors
Colombian the best things in life
they take active time the exclusivity of
the privileges that only the world's
club can give you times club
international a privilege for
our housing clients
in ccm and news from colombia and the
world are presented by light argos
green
Hello, good night, let's play the
raffle 26 13 night cafes more
opportunity to win I present to you
the delegates who are supervising
our raffle are they will show you their
reptile lottery of the risaralda play
our players with your authorization and
good luck to all of our
bettors send a cordial greeting to
all the punters of the city of
pereira and a lot of attention winners
the number is
one
0 19 30 is correct legal is correct
congratulations to all the winners
and that buying your chance to play
the cafeteria and you take opportunity to
win
The following program is suitable for
over 18 years old does not contain scenes
of sex or violence
is not the only one with a complex that provides
a peaceful and rapid protection
performance found in supermarkets and
drugstores the super offers of
vacation showdown tours office
entity princess discovers the
extraction and most used intimate soap by
women in the world and the most recommended
by psychologists and Latin America when you
dog reacts the most
authentic is because you are testing two
gourmet
love is to put the bread in the toaster and
look at the work because sometimes the
Toasters do what they crave
love is to keep watching until
start going out I just need breakfast
do not waste a single minute on
put the final
because with your love
I'm going to show you how fast the
four revolution speed
revolution that
I will choose Deia and receives twice
unloading capacity until 31 of
October 2012
wet losses small insensitive in
your ills that care caresses my skin
sensitive of your little one we make together
small shoots presents favorable in
true
the duration protect protection that a
status of natural origin that would leave
breathe
of sweet in colombia we are friends of
our friend our best friend's
friend who does not actually go to the car
friend that takes us and of course we are friends
very friends of whom florhuila gives us
always because we Colombians have
friends like rice flower smell the rice of
the Colombians
sweet the excess of alcohol is
harmful to health
rivas the sale of drinks
intoxicating minors wait
worth it
high
colombia the best things in life
take time I confess that I have sinned and
they know for you because what you james
I want it first Beni finds means
to fall into temptation thousands of
mens shoes for women and children at 19
1,900 pesos an additional 10% with your
credit card fly inspiration
sinners of the polar one liquidation
that you will really love it
follow with rich offers